proofread resources (#2616)
centreon/centreon-documentation: versioned_docs/version-23.10/resources/glossary.md

## Template

> Skeleton of a [resource](#resource) that is reconfigured so that parameters defined on the skeleton are applied to the resource that inherits from it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Skeleton of a [resource](#resource) that is pre-configured so that parameters defined on the skeleton are applied to the resource that inherits from it.
```
